README.md, before:

# Finance Tracker
This is a web app implemented using Flask and bootstrap that works like a mini stock exchange system. It has the following options
- register: so we can register for a new account
- quote: so we can get a price quote for a stock
- buy: to buy some shares of a stock
- index: to show the stocks in our account
- sell: to sell some shares of a stock
- history: to show transactions in the past



<hr/>

![1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43414928/79959356-acaf6b80-84a1-11ea-88b1-721e18ebdcef.png)
<br/>
![2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43414928/79959291-95707e00-84a1-11ea-8cf1-0bb32cc4b496.png)
<br/>
![3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43414928/79959295-973a4180-84a1-11ea-8ede-eeb86f41f739.png)
<br/>
![4](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43414928/79959314-9acdc880-84a1-11ea-9cbc-cf7685ef91f7.png)
<br/>
![5](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43414928/79959301-99040500-84a1-11ea-8f6b-50b7ff866c83.png)
<br/>
![6](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43414928/79959312-9acdc880-84a1-11ea-8a37-3a69d21e374f.png)

Commit message:

Improved readme, added tech stack and installation guide

README.md, after:

# Finance Tracker

Finance Tracker is a web app implemented using Flask and bootstrap that works like a mini stock exchange system. The following functionalities have been added to the app-

- Register: Any person can register to make a new account.
- Quote: A registered user can quote a price for a stock.
- Buy: Users can buy shares for a price.
- Index: To show the stocks in the user's account.
- Sell: Users can sell shares of a stock.
- History: User can see the past transaction history.



<hr/>

![1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43414928/79959356-acaf6b80-84a1-11ea-88b1-721e18ebdcef.png)
<br/>
![2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43414928/79959291-95707e00-84a1-11ea-8cf1-0bb32cc4b496.png)
<br/>
![3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43414928/79959295-973a4180-84a1-11ea-8ede-eeb86f41f739.png)
<br/>
![4](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43414928/79959314-9acdc880-84a1-11ea-9cbc-cf7685ef91f7.png)
<br/>
![5](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43414928/79959301-99040500-84a1-11ea-8f6b-50b7ff866c83.png)
<br/>
![6](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43414928/79959312-9acdc880-84a1-11ea-8a37-3a69d21e374f.png)


## Tech Stack-

* Python
* Flask
* SQLAlchemy
(Other dependancies can be found out in te requirements.txt file)

## Installation-

1] Star and clone the repository to your machine.
2] Run the command `pip install -r requirements.txt`
3] Once all the dependancies have been installed, run the command `python Main.py`
4] This should start a local server and you can access it on your browser.
